Chapter 133: The Chase First Day

Ahab can sense by the smell of a whale in the air that Moby Dick is near. 
Climbing up to the main royal-mast, Ahab spots Moby Dick and earns himself the doubloon. 
All of the boats set off in chase of the whale. 
When Moby Dick finally surfaces, he does so directly beneath Ahabs boat, destroying it and casting its crew into the water. 
The whale threatens the men, but the Pequod, with Starbuck at the helm, drives it away, and the men are rescued by the other boats. 
The whale then moves away from the ship at a rapid rate, and the boats return to the ship. 
The men keep watch for Moby Dick, despite the misgivings of Starbuck and others.

Chapter 134: The Chase Second Day

Ishmael notes that it is not unprecedented for whalers to give extended pursuit to a particular whale.
Ahab, despite the previous days loss of the boat, is intent on the chase.
They do sight Moby Dick again, and the crewmen, in awe of Ahabs wild power and caught up in the thrill, lower three boats.
Starbuck again remains on board the Pequod.
Ahab tries to attack Moby Dick head on this time, but again the whale is triumphant.
Despite the harpoons in his side, he destroys the boats carrying Flask and Stubb by dashing them against one another.
He also nearly kills Ahabs crew with the tangle of harpoons and lances caught in the line coming from his side.
Ahab manages to cut and then reattach the line, removing the cluster of weapons. 
Moby Dick then capsizes Ahabs boat. Ahabs whale bone leg is snapped off in the mishap, and Ahab curses his bodys weakness.
Upon returning to the Pequod, Ahab finds out that Fedallah has drowned, dragged down by Ahabs own line,
fulfilling one element of Fedallahs prophecy concerning Ahabs death that Ahab would die after Fedallah. 
Starbuck begs Ahab to desist, but Ahab, convinced that he is only the “Fates lieutenant,” responds that he must continue to pursue the whale.
The carpenter hastily makes Ahab a new leg from the remnants of his harpoon boat.




